Example speech recognition mobile app using Azure custom op on Android (#296)
microsoft/onnxruntime-inference-examples: mobile/examples/whisper/android/azure/readme.md

# Android Speech Recognition Example with Azure Custom Op

> This example creates a version to show how to use ORT to do speech recognition using the [Whisper](https://github.com/openai/whisper) model and calls the OpenAI Whisper endpoint using the Azure custom op. You MUST update the code to specify a valid OpenAI auth token. See [here](#prepare-an-openai-auth-token) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use ORT to do speech recognition using the [Whisper](https://github.com/openai/whisper) model and calls the OpenAI Whisper endpoint using the Azure custom op. You MUST update the code to specify a valid OpenAI auth token. See [here](#prepare-an-openai-auth-token) for details.
```

The application lets the user make an audio recording, then recognizes the speech from that recording and displays a transcript.

> Example App Scrennshot - A Successful result returned from OpenAI endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example App Screenshot - A Successful result returned from OpenAI endpoint:
```

<img width=25% src="images/Img_successful_endpoint_res.png" alt="App Screenshot" />

## Set up

### Prerequisites

> See the general prerequisites [here](../../../README.md#General-Prerequisites).

Reviewer: the relative link needs to be updated with the new directory structure. same comment in local/readme.md

Author: thanks for the catch up. updated.
